Franchesca Rinaldi is so close to my
mother's sauce and sometimes I like
Francesco and I'll be better mom I'm
sorry
yours is still the best skip Church out
trying to learn a few tricks too
to help him in his competition in
Florida Disney World the goofy game
never had bike competition but if they
do you're ready I tell you what I could
be the first person ever to use training
wheels for biking it's something what no
for many of us just staying upright on
the bicycle would be an accomplishment
but there are some young bike riders who
do much more than that
as a matter of fact they do much more on
a bicycle than you can even imagine
[Music]
they ride bicycles in virtually every
way except the one intended its trick
biking and this team from Baybrook
bicycle in West Haven does it about as
well as anyone around I think now I just
come home all day since 4:00 you know I
just ride and then they I used to see
nothing just come home and just sit
around and do nothing
I mean I like something to do it keeps
me out of trouble and something with
that in mind the team members are
helping younger bikers learn tricks
it's not always easy but the young guys
work hard some 25 of them are in a
six-week course sponsored by Baybrook
bicycle with the help and facilities of
the West Haven Parks and Recreation
Department this course teaches more than
just tricks
it's more of an individualistic it
teaches them self worth is self esteem
gets us something work I mean it's
creative and very athletic the tricks
have bizarre names what you do with your
body is even more bizarre I wanna trick
your backwards put your foot over the
handlebars push on a tire for the back
you see you just go around a surface
sounds pretty easy huh I guess if you
wear the right outfit though it is at
least I was hoping so
[Music]
[Applause]
you're a big kid I gave it a try no
training wheels on that day don't see
acid probably no do you think so one
week is left in the session out there
but they are having another six-week
session that's gonna begin pretty soon
so kids have a lot of fun I don't really
look like fun okay thanks skip
all right still ahead here on Action
News live at five if you're not crazy
about this famous tower is casino as
airplanes as yacht his best-selling book
how about a new board game yes Donald
Trump these famous wheeler dealer is
getting into games we're gonna show you
how he's spitting he's really